[AUDIO LOGO]
- I've done thousands
of these readings,
and throughout I've noticed
certain health trends
with certain star lineages.
We start off from a
very high place, then
like an inverted bell curve.
Each incarnation, we
go lower and lower
and lower and dimension.
And then they start
developing these conditions.
And they're wondering, how
come nobody can help me?
If they come to see
me, I can explain
what's going on with them.
- Right.
Now we have something
called an "AS."
- "AS," yeah.
We came from civilizations
where food wasn't ingested.
Arcturians along with the
Andromeda in star seeds
probably have the roughest time
as far as physical illnesses.
- Onto Orion.
- Orion.
Oh, yeah, Orion.
REGINA MEREDITH: Today
is Debbie Solaris.
Debbie transitioned
from government employee
to a cosmic translator of
sorts, helping people understand
their potential origins.
Today we're going to talk
about the health complications
of being on Earth, if you're a
hybrid from another off planet
culture.
Welcome back, Debbie.
We're doing a regular thing now.
DEBBIE SOLARIS: I know.
REGINA: You're around everywhere
now on all kinds of shows.
I love it.
SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
And I'm excited to be back.
Thanks.
Thank you so much.
REGINA: Yeah, and it's
interesting because when
we very first met I
thought, are people
going to relate to this story?
Will the audiences relate?
Oh my gosh, they eat
it up with a big spoon
because something in us is
telling us that we're not
hearing the whole story.
SOLARIS: Exactly.
REGINA: And you're
helping people understand
there's much more to
the complexity of what
it is to be human.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
And I feel like
it's my life's work
to help connect people who
they are, where they came from,
and why we're all
here right now.
REGINA: Yes.
And if anyone wants to look
at the very beginning of how
we laid this foundation, you can
go back to the Gaia archives,
and people can go back and take
a look at our first interview.
It gets into your
background, who you are.
We're not going to go
over that again today.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
Thank you.
REGINA: We're just going to
go right on with the story.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: So first
of all, how is it
help us to understand
our star lineage in terms
of our bodies and our health?
Because I know we've got a lot
of health complications going
on around the planet.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: Everybody is allergic
to something or everything now.
SOLARIS: Well, I've done Akashic
readings for quite a few years
now of, say, about a
decade, and I've done
thousands of these readings.
And throughout
these readings, I've
noticed certain health trends
with certain star lineages.
And I get a lot of questions
from my clients about health.
Like, hey, I don't feel great.
How can I heal?
How can I improve?
How can I become my most
vital energetic self?
And it's also been
part of my own journey
because as many
people probably know,
I also went through a massive
health transformation myself.
I did have some
allopathic medicine help,
but I also utilize
some of these trends
I was seeing in the
"Akashic records"
and starting to use some of them
with my own health journeys.
REGINA: I don't know that
I've ever asked you this.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: So where's
your original place?
Where's your place of origin?
SOLARIS: I'm actually an
Arcturian in Star seed.
So I am from Arcturus.
But I've had incarnations, I
think, in quite a few systems.
REGINA: Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: OK, good.
I just-- it just occurred to
me I never asked you that.
SOLARIS: Yeah, yeah.
Absolutely.
REGINA: Everybody but you.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: OK, so you
say that what's
happening with our
bodies physically is also
tied to where we're
going as a species
and where we're changing our
frequencies and in some terms
you can say ascension.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: But what
we're moving into
vibrationally as a species.
Let's talk about
that for a minute,
how health is playing into this.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
Well, what's happening is that
a lot of people are awakening
and as they're awakening,
energetically, they're
upgrading.
So their energetic field is
no longer a vibrational match
to their physical bodies.
And so then they start
developing inconsistencies
between these frequencies
that cause either
ascension symptoms, which--
REGINA: Now we have something
called ascension systems?
I have AS.
SOLARIS: You have AS.
Yeah, exactly, yes.
REGINA: I love it.
SOLARIS: Ascension
symptoms, yeah.
REGINA: We'll get into that.
We'll continue what you're
saying, and then get into "AS."
SOLARIS: "AS," yeah.
So ascension
symptoms are symptoms
that occur that can be
disconcerting because you just
feel off.
And a lot of times it happens
because we're shifting
in and out of dimension.
So a lot of star
seeds and lightworkers
actually reside in higher
fourth and mid-fourth dimension,
but then we have to
pull our vibrations down
to third dimension.
And it causes a lot of
incongruence with how we feel.
But my main concern is the
actual physical illnesses.
So what is it that really
are chronic diseases
or chronic illnesses that are
causing people to feel off
or not feeling their best?
REGINA: So, OK, so one time when
I was looking at all of this,
I was doing a meditation
and just talking
with my guides for
a moment and saying,
what's going on
with the human body?
And one thing I was shown is
that part of these digestive
goes right with
what you're saying.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: Died several years ago.
Part of these
digestive issues were
because the human digestive
system, as we know it,
is going to begin
atrophying and to not handle
dense large amounts of food
and that we, in the future,
would be moving into a
more liquid-based and
phytonutrient-based diet.
When you think about
it, that makes sense.
SOLARIS: Totally.
REGINA: If we were to
each one is shutting down
or transitioning their digestive
system as a soul preparing
for future incarnations.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: And when
I asked my guide
at the time I said, well,
what kind of time frame
we were looking at here?
And they said, within--
for a lot of people, just
one to two incarnations,
the transition will be complete.
And they won't be
really imbibing
much solid food, very simple
solids, not like hamburgers
and French fries anymore.
That will kind of be out.
That will be out.
So taking that
into consideration,
what have you seen as a
general rule about where we're
transitioning to diet wise?
SOLARIS: Well, a lot
of us with lineages
connected with Arcturus
or Andromeda specifically
but even some of the Syrian and
Lyra, Vega lineages as well,
we came from
civilizations where food
wasn't ingested in these higher
dimensional star systems.
Arcturians, for instance, ingest
a light like a liquid energy.
So it's like a
liquid energy force.
Andromedans don't eat very much.
So a lot of times when a soul
from Arcturus or Andromeda
incarnates on Earth and they're
dealing with all this really
dense food, they have a
lot of digestive issues.
Me, personally, I used
to suffer horribly
from IBS and acid reflux
because my body just
couldn't handle dense foods.
REGINA: So how did you
yourself transform that?
Wait, did you find there are
certain food groups you just
can't eat?
SOLARIS: Yes, I know
I can't eat dairy,
and I really
struggle with gluten.
And there's also
some other foods.
I don't do well with red meat.
I can eat fish, but red
meat, heavier meats,
I just have a really
hard time digesting.
So what I did was I
transitioned to eating
five or six small meals a
day, very low calorie meals,
very plant-based mostly.
That seems to really
work for me, especially
since I used to be
pre-diabetic, and now I
keep my blood sugar going.
But I'm not ingesting
a lot of sugar
or a lot of foods that are not
appropriate for my physicality.
I find that I struggle
a lot with sugars.
So I do keep that
out of my diet.
REGINA: And I ask you
this because there
are many people watching
this right now that will
have the exact same symptoms.
SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
REGINA: In fact,
myself included.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: And so it's good
to hear how you managed it
as an individual because
we're going to go
through the different groups.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: And each one
is a little bit unique.
And I have a question
before we get there.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: This is off-topic
but not entirely.
SOLARIS: Right.
REGINA: Because I've known
some other Arcturians,
and they seem to have a
similar way about them.
What is your-- what is the
emotional structure from there
function as?
What's it like?
SOLARIS: As far as how
they do on Earth or just--
REGINA: How they do on
Earth with their emotions.
SOLARIS: Arcturians,
what I notice
with a lot of Arcturian star
seeds, particularly the ones
that I've worked
with, besides myself,
we struggle with a lot
of anxiety and depression
early on in life
because in our Arcturus,
we're used we're used to being
connected to a collective.
So in Arcturus, we're constantly
connected with other Arcturian
beings.
We feel a lot of love,
support, energy from--
REGINA: Learning, sharing.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
And a lot of conversation.
So when we incarnate here on
Earth, we feel very separated.
We feel like,
where's my support?
Where is my love?
Where is my family?
And so we tend to undergo
quite a bit of anxiety
early on in life.
Sometimes it can be lifelong.
I still struggle with anxiety.
I have to-- I keep
it under control,
but I do have my moments
where I do struggle with that.
And I've noticed that once
Arcturian star seeds understand
that, hey, I used to be
connected with this big family,
it seems like they're able
to manage with the anxiety
here on Earth much better
and the end the depression
where they feel
like, oh, there's
a reason why I feel this way.
REGINA: Yeah.
So they can-- yeah, they
can understand it at least.
SOLARIS: Exactly.
REGINA: And that helps.
Another thing is,
are there a lot
of Arcturians in non-physical
form who serve as guides here?
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: And so when you're an
Acturian person or originally
a star seed who's now incarnated
as human, do you usually
have Arcturian guides?
SOLARIS: I would say
the majority of us
would have Arcturian guides.
REGINA: So can you
call on your guides
and sound needed some cuddles
and love and friendship
right now?
SOLARIS: I do that
every single day.
REGINA: OK.
SOLARIS: I'm always
hooking up with my guides.
I do that every single day.
I have running conversations
with them actually.
So it's been lovely to
reconnect with them.
REGINA: Oh, that's
wonderful because I'm
thinking of someone
specifically who goes
through the same thing you do.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: It's like,
where are my people?
We're supposed to collaborate.
We're not supposed to be
individuals that just are out
for ourselves.
This doesn't work for me.
SOLARIS: Exactly.
Totally.
REGINA: So that's
really interesting.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: So let's go on now.
We're going to talk about the
most common Arcturians aren't
the most common, but there
are a lot of them here.
But let's talk about the
most common star seed beings
from-- where they're from.
First of all, just kind
of label them a bit,
and then we're going to
go into each one in terms
of the challenges.
SOLARIS: Yeah that
would be awesome.
I actually did a training
on this recently,
and it was very popular.
A lot of people really gave us
some really positive feedback
with it.
So if you're interested
in that training,
feel free to connect
on my website.
But just to give an overview,
the most common star groups,
I would say there's like
six or seven, I would say,
are really common.
And then we have another
six or seven more
that are a little bit less
common, but I see quite a bit
in my Akashic readings.
REGINA: Let's go
with the first six.
SOLARIS: Top six.
Top six would be Lyra,
Vega, Sirius, Arcturus.
REGINA: Oh, so Arcturus
is high up there?
SOLARIS: Yeah, it is
pretty high up there.
Andromeda, Orion,
and Andromeda galaxy.
REGINA: Andromeda galaxy.
I'm ready.
I'm taking notes
SOLARIS: OK.
REGINA: So now what about the
other six less present ones?
SOLARIS: Less present--
REGINA: A fewer of, yeah.
SOLARIS: A fewer
would be Cassiopeia.
I would say Alpha Centauri,
Beta Centauri, Venus.
REGINA: Oh, yes.
OK, we'll talk about that.
SOLARIS: Yeah, Venus.
Polaris and Kalisieti
another one.
I occasionally get people.
And actually I get
a few on Anunnaki.
Get a few from Sirius.
I also get few occasionally some
reptilian and some Essassani
and YahYel.
So those are hybrid
races from the future.
So--
REGINA: Oh, interesting.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: Oh, goodness, we
have a whole other show
to do after this one.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
Oh, yeah, we can go deep,
deep, deep into that one.
REGINA: Well, let's
like take the top hits.
SOLARIS: OK, let's--
REGINA: Since that's the
majority of people, at least,
that you've encountered.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: And maybe
add the reptilians
and just because
people are intrigued.
They don't eat
they're young though.
That's not good.
SOLARIS: No.
REGINA: That's a
horrible thing to say.
But people have such a
negative connotation.
SOLARIS: Actually,
the reptilians that--
the people with
reptilian genetics
that I've worked with,
either on Anunnaki,
which is hybrid,
or full reptilian,
they've been quite lovely.
I mean, they're not--
REGINA: Yeah, they're just
the same as human beings.
SOLARIS: Yeah, exactly.
REGINA: Yeah, I get that.
I was just being mean.
SOLARIS: Yeah, I know.
REGINA: So, OK, so
let's start with Lyra.
SOLARIS: Lyra.
So I work with a
lot of clients that
have connections with either
Lyra or the specific star
system within Lyra,
which is Vega.
Vega is more of the mother
goddess consciousness
representation of the
Lyran civilization.
And the rest of the Lyran
stars are more farther
God consciousness
representations.
But pretty much I grouped
them into the same category
because they went through
similar experiences
in their past
incarnations in Lyra.
Lyrans, for the most part, and
I'm including the vegan people
with this, were lovely people
that lived in a paradise
reality for thousands of years.
There was no stress, no
adversity, no violence,
no trauma.
So then--
REGINA: It's kind of like
what humans would relate to
in Eden of sorts.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
Yeah, I think the whole
concept of Garden of Eden
maybe was represented--
was Lyran.
REGINA: Yes.
SOLARIS: So the Lyran people
lived in this beautiful reality
for thousands of years, then
all of a sudden they became
ambushed by the
Draconians from Draco.
The Draconians decided they
wanted to conquer their system.
And they went through
a horrific war
that pretty much decimated
a lot of their planets
and decimated 50 million Lyrans.
There were quite a few
survivors that ended up
seeding other star systems.
So I would say pretty much the
majority of us here on Earth,
either genetically
or spiritually,
have a connection
with Lyra and Vega.
REGINA: So what are
their unique challenges?
SOLARIS: With Lyran
and Vegan people,
I notice that when
they undergo stress
and when they get
a little bit older,
they're starting to take on more
responsibilities and life here
on Earth gets more a little
bit more challenging,
they start developing autoimmune
conditions and conditions that
are inflammation-based, so that
would be like chronic fatigue
syndrome, fibromyalgia,
Crohn's disease, lupus,
rheumatoid arthritis,
multiple sclerosis.
So all of these
conditions are usually
based from trauma
signatures that these Lyran
souls have carried in their soul
DNA for, I would say, millenia.
So initially, when they
start life here on Earth,
they're fairly healthy
because they're
the original human template.
So they're fairly healthy.
But then they undergo some
sort of traumatic experience,
or some stress, or some sort
of overwhelming situation
in their lives,
and then they start
developing these conditions.
And they're wondering, how
come nobody can help me?
I'm going to all these
doctors and none of them
can explain what's
going on with me.
If they come to see
me, I can explain
what's going on with them.
REGINA: Right.
SOLARIS: So I think
it involves-- as far
as transforming these
health conditions,
it would involve
working as much with
the psycho spiritual components
as it would with the physical.
Physically, these people
probably should really
clean up their diets.
With Lyra, Vega folks, they do
best with plant-based diets.
A lot of them seem to do
very well with vegan diets
because that mimics their
original diet from their star
system.
So the more higher
vibrational the diet can be,
I think the better they'll feel.
And really minimizing or
eliminating processed foods.
And that's a big, big thing.
REGINA: And, OK, so at this
point, thank you for that.
Let's talk about--
OK, because you say
that's the most common,
there are people
listening saying, oh, I
identify with that.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: So how do
people most easily
figure out what star
system they might
be from so that when
we're talking about this,
it makes more sense?
SOLARIS: Oh, absolutely.
I get that question a lot.
One of the, I think,
the most common ways
is just using your
own intuition.
So if you read
about Lyra and Vega,
or you read about cat
beings, or you really
identify with cat beings, or
you identify with avian beings,
you are probably most
likely a Lyra, Vega soul.
There was also quite
a bit of humanoid.
So Lyra went
through this process
where they started off with a
lot of cat and avian genetics,
mostly cat but
some avian as well.
And there was a lot of
elemental components to Lyra.
But then eventually as they
were trying to figure out,
how can we get beings
to stay in physicality,
they became more and more
hybridized and eventually
developed into two human races,
the blue Vega beings that
look very similar to Hindu gods
or the beings from "Avatar,"
if you want to.
REGINA: I was just
going to ask that.
SOLARIS: Yeah, "Avatar."
Or you got the white Lyrans
that looked like, I don't know,
Greek gods.
I mean, they were
very attractive people
but more Caucasian looking.
But anyway, getting
back to your question
about how to determine a
star system of origins,
I would say you're welcome
to use my website and--
REGINA: You have really good
descriptions of each one.
In fact, now that
I asked that, as we
go through these symptoms,
these what's the AS--
SOLARIS: AS, yeah.
AS, yes.
REGINA: As we go
through these symptoms,
people will say, oh, goodness,
I relate strongly to that one,
and maybe they can find a
little bit out about themselves
through this.
So let's just continue our
line of questioning then.
SOLARIS: Yes.
REGINA: OK.
Yeah, so you've
got training on it.
You've got a website
people can go to.
SOLARIS: People can go to.
REGINA: And now you can--
SOLARIS: I think it's
mainly through the traits.
Like, Lyran people
are very childlike.
They're very open hearted,
very loving people
for the most part, maybe not
the most practical people,
very drawn to plant medicine,
being around plants and nature
and animals.
And they are usually good
healers and teachers.
REGINA: OK.
SOLARIS: So we do have quite
a few wonderful, holistic
practitioners who come
from Lyra and Vega
mostly plant-medicine-oriented.
REGINA: OK.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
SOLARIS: So--
REGINA: Good.
Well, I want to go to
Sirius because we've
got a lot to go through
before the show's over.
SOLARIS: I know, yeah.
REGINA: OK, thank you.
That's a good--
at least a good--
few touchstones
there for Lyrans.
OK, let's do the
same for Sirians.
SOLARIS: Sirius.
Sirius, OK, Sirius
was a race that
was a blend of Lyra
and Vegan refugees.
So quite a few of
their survivor ships
ended up in these systems.
And so they became the first, I
would say, mixed raced people.
And so these were
mostly humanoid people.
But Sirius also had beings
that was quite diverse.
It was a very
diverse star system.
So they had cat beings.
They had dog beings.
They had Avians.
They have amphibian beings.
They had everything.
They had some
reptilians there too.
So it was a mixed bag.
But for the purposes
of this show,
I will stick with the
more humanoid Sirians.
So humanoid Sirians
are pretty hardy.
The reason for that is
because they quite a bit
of their genetics
have been seeded
into the Earth human genome.
So the majority of us
carry, I would say,
varying percentages
of Sirian DNA.
So a lot of Sirian star
seeds, for the most part,
do quite well physically.
However, they are prone
to insulin resistance
and metabolic syndrome.
REGINA: OK.
SOLARIS: Also, some of them can
develop some heart conditions.
Sirians are very
hard working people.
They're very practical.
They are very serious.
So serious Sirians.
So it's a little bit of a
pun there but very true.
And they tend to be caretakers.
These are people that love
to be of service to others.
And so oftentimes they'll find
themselves in caretaking roles,
whether it be their
families, or their friends,
or their coworkers.
And they become very overworked
and very stressed out.
We call this sirian syndrome.
So this is the Sirian syndrome.
REGINA: SS.
SOLARIS: SS, yeah.
So now there's SS.
So Sirians will start
developing conditions
with their heart or
conditions with their weight.
So they'll start
packing on the pounds.
REGINA: And diabetes
can play into?
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally, yeah.
REGINA: With the
insulin resistance,
SOLARIS: Insulin resistance.
REGINA: Yeah.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
They tend to--
REGINA: Would that be
later onset diabetes
for the most part?
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: Because of work and
lifestyle and stress and so,
yeah, late onset diabetes.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
So Sirians, for the
most part, do well when
they go on more of a paleo
type of diet, or a keto,
or low carb type diet.
So as long as they're watching
their sugars and carbohydrates,
they usually recover
quite quickly.
Same with the heart conditions.
They might want to--
rather than going on some of the
statin drugs or the big pharma
drugs, they do
well when they take
supplements that relate
to reducing stress
like ashwagandha, or
rhodiola rosea, or valerian.
REGINA: Valerian, yeah.
SOLARIS: And they usually
recover much more quickly
than the Lyran and Vegan people.
REGINA: OK.
Because they're
hardier by nature.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
REGINA: A little more compatible
with the genetics of Earth.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
REGINA: OK.
SOLARIS: Exactly.
REGINA: Cool.
Well, let's touch just
for a minute on Arcturus
again because we already
kind of went there,
but you're talking a
lot of digestive upset.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: So why is that?
Well, you explained it earlier.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
Because Arcturians aren't
used to eating foods.
REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
That explains it.
SOLARIS: But what happens
when a lot of Arcturian star
seeds incarnate on Earth is that
we get fascinated with food.
We want to try everything.
Yeah, we're just like,
oh my God, there's
this smorgasbord of food and
all these sensual pleasures.
And so we get a little
overboard at first.
But Arcturians probably along
with the Andromeda star seeds
probably have the roughest time
as far as physical illnesses.
Arcturians fall prey to
several cancer conditions.
We seem to struggle
with our thyroid
and our endocrine systems.
So we get some really
bizarre illnesses.
I know at one time I suffered
from hyperparathyroidism,
which is not the thyroid,
is the parathyroid.
And it affects your calcium
levels in your blood.
So I had to have a special
surgery to remove tumors
from my parathyroid.
REGINA: Oh, my mom had that too.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
And so I have a little
scar right here.
And I've had actually several
clients, Arcturian clients that
have had hyperparathyroidism.
It seems to be
something that's related
to Arcturians for some reason.
REGINA: Interesting.
SOLARIS: And we tend
to be hypothyroid.
So we struggle with
hormone balance.
So a lot of times we
struggle with skin
conditions in addition
to the stomach upset.
So--
REGINA: Wow, you guys
really get walloped.
SOLARIS: Yeah, we do.
We do.
I mean, I was a mess for the
first 50 years of my life.
I had horrible acne
as a child, actually
as a teenager and a child.
I started getting
acne at 10 years old.
REGINA: Oh, boy.
SOLARIS: Yeah, it
was pretty bad.
And then I had all the stomach
issues and the anxiety.
Yeah, we just really
have it rough.
REGINA: Parathyroid
hypothyroidism.
OK, so that's Arcturus.
What would be some
differentiating factors
if we go to Andromedans then?
SOLARIS: Andromedans also
suffer from digestive issues.
They have a lot of food
allergies, I notice.
Andromedans, there's
a lot of foods
that are not compatible
with, so they almost
have to do trial and
error, a lot of times,
which can be quite tedious.
But the other thing
with Andromedans
is that they also have
the inflammation issues
but not similar to the Lyrans.
It's more like
off-the-wall diseases.
And so in a lot of ways, they're
similar to the Arcturians
but not exactly.
Their issues are--
They can have gynecological
issues as well.
And they just seem to struggle
all around by diseases
that there's really
no explanation for.
REGINA: So these are
among the group of people
that go to doctors and they say,
it's all in your head maybe.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
REGINA: We can't see
there's anything there.
And that's very,
very challenging
for human beings to
go to a doctor who's
supposed to know something
about bodies and find out they
don't know anything about
how your body works.
SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
Andromedans, like
Arcturian star seeds
are relatively rare groups.
So there's probably
not as much information
out there about how do they
deal with these illnesses.
REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: Onto Orion.
SOLARIS: Orion.
Oh, yeah, Orion.
Orion is similar
to Sirius in that--
and they do share quite a
bit of genetics with Sirians.
But Orion is similar to
Sirius in that they basically
tend to be pretty hardy.
But what they struggle with
a lot is heart conditions.
Orion star seeds
carry a lot of anger
from past lives where they
might have been enslaved,
or might have had to work
for reptilian forces,
or they have attachments
that are associated
with these connections,
with reptilians,
and gray aliens in some
of the Orion star systems.
So they suffer a lot from
heart conditions and stroke
and other conditions that
are more, I would say,
urgent or immediate.
So for them, anger
management, emotional--
REGINA: Meditation.
SOLARIS: --yeah,
would help them a lot.
They do well with the cache
clearings and any kind
of shadow work that
helps them to transcend
a lot of these old karmic
connections with past lives
where maybe they
felt disempowered.
REGINA: So they could
definitely use like cosmic hugs.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
REGINA: And human hugs.
SOLARIS: Human hugs.
They tend to do well
on meat-based diets.
But I noticed with
Orion star seeds,
as they upgrade and
ascend and transcend,
they tend to do better on the
more plant-based diets as well.
REGINA: So once they
start transforming
through the beyond the stress
and anger and so forth.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: Yeah,
because that's dense.
Those are very
dense frequencies.
So you would need denser
foods to be able to hold that.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
Totally.
REGINA: OK, now what about--
gee, I'm not reading.
It's not Andromeda.
SOLARIS: Andromeda Galaxy?
REGINA: Yeah, the galaxy, yeah.
SOLARIS: Andromeda galaxy people
are kind of all over the place.
They're not as specific as the
Andromeda constellation groups.
But what I see with them
is a lot of anxiety,
kind of a lot of
generalized anxiety issues,
a lot of issues where maybe
they're not quite as--
it's like, again,
similar to the Arcturian
where there's a lot
of endocrine issues.
Cancer is a big one with them.
They tend to have a lot of
incarnations on Earth, which
seems kind of--
REGINA: Counterintuitive.
SOLARIS: Yeah,
counterintuitive, yeah.
REGINA: Their bodies
would be more able.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
But I think because they're
so devoted to the evolution
of the galaxy, that they
tend to take on a lot.
So what I see a lot
with Andromeda Galaxy
souls is that they're so
devoted to the mission.
They'll take on the worst
families or the worst life
lessons.
And so they're dealing with a
lot of transcendence of trauma.
REGINA: Yeah, high,
high intensity learning.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
So a lot of times when I'm
working with Andromeda Galaxy
folks, we're working
with a lot of trauma
from past Earth lives.
And they tend to be pretty--
they tend to hang in there.
I mean, a lot of
Andromeda Galaxy souls
actually do quite well
with frequency healing.
So if they go to energy healers
or if they work with, say,
theta healing or some--
REGINA: Frequency device.
SOLARIS: --devices,
yeah, they do really
well because for them
it's all about frequency.
So sound frequency healing
too would be a good one.
So maybe having
like a sound bath
or being around some
crystal bowls maybe
would really help
them out a lot.
REGINA: OK.
Thank you.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: What I'd like to do
now is-- you touched on Venus.
I would like to get
into our solar system
because there are
also, I believe,
are quite a few people that
were formerly from Mars
and maybe even working
with technology and such
to get back there one day.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
REGINA: So let's
start with Venus,
the beings from Venus who we
have chronicled in the past.
Humans have chronicled
interactions with, especially
in the '50s and '60s when
they're arriving and chatting
with people, beautiful
people chatting
with other people about what
we needed to take a look at.
SOLARIS: I do get a few--
I do work with a few clients
that have incarnations
or came from Venus.
So for the most part, they
tend to be Sirian in origin.
So I think a long,
long time ago,
there was a group called the
Hathors that seeded Venus.
So they brought in this divine
feminine energy to the Venus
planet because
they wanted to have
an anchor for divine
femininity on planet Earth--
I mean, on our
solar system, sorry.
Planet Earth was
more meant to be
like a blend of masculine
and feminine energies.
And Mars is very masculine,
Mars and Maldek, which
is I'm going to bring up also.
But Venus had an
interesting history
because their planet used
to be quite inhabitable.
REGINA: Yes.
SOLARIS: And then it
was similar to Earth.
And then I don't know if their
orbit shifted or what happened.
But there was a natural disaster
that happened with Venus too.
And I saw this in the
"Akashic records."
I don't know if it correlates
with other accounts.
But what I saw in the records
is that somehow their orbit
shifted, I think,
after things that
happened within the rest
of the solar system,
and then the planet was
no longer inhabitable.
So a lot of Annusians had to
migrate to the Proxima Centauri
system.
So that would be Alpha
and Beta Centauri.
REGINA: Interesting.
And interestingly too, as
we talk about all of this,
we're talking about
more physical dimensions
of these planets.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: Because each
of these planets,
including Earth, has
other dimensions that
would be less
dense less physical
but still have
whole civilizations.
SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
REGINA: So some
of the Venutians,
or Martians, or
whomever is coming
here can be coming from
another dimension of that area
and be able to phase in to here.
SOLARIS: Absolutely.
REGINA: So just
bringing that up.
So what are some
of the challenges
then for the Venutians?
Or are they more hardy?
SOLARIS: I think they
tend to be more--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
SOLARIS: Yeah,
they're Sirian stocks,
so they tend to be quite hardy.
Maybe some of their issues,
if they do have them,
might be similar to Sirian
but to a lesser degree.
But I don't
generally-- with some
of the groups that come
from closer to Earth,
I don't see as much marked
dramatic issues with them
as I do with maybe
some folks that
come from star systems
that are more located far
away, like Andromeda.
REGINA: OK, what
about Mars then?
You touched on a moment ago
much more masculine energy.
SOLARIS: Yeah, masculine energy.
The Mars energy and
the Maldekan energy--
so I want to explain
what Maldek is.
REGINA: Yes.
SOLARIS: A Maldek
is a planet that
used to be located between
Jupiter and Mars, which is now
the asteroid belt.
So the asteroid belt
is the remnants of an ancient
planet called Maldek that--
they ended up having a Civil
War and they blew themselves up.
A big part of the
reason why a lot of us
are here right now
as star seeds is
to prevent that same
fate for planet Earth.
The Galactic councils
were a little concerned
when WW II occurred and
Hiroshima was bombed.
REGINA: Right.
SOLARIS: And I know--
REGINA: That's where
a lot of UFO activity
really ramped up
around the Earth
was after that detonation.
SOLARIS: Yeah, totally.
And Dolores Cannon
mentions this quite a bit.
So Mars and Maldek--
Mars had colonies that
contained a lot of beings
from the Orion system,
some benevolent some not
so benevolent.
So we're talking about
Zeta Reticuli individuals,
so that would be
the grey aliens.
We're talking about insectoid
along with humanoids.
Some of the tall whites
were also on board Mars.
Mars carries a lot
of masculine energy.
So their symptoms
and their issues
would be very
similar to the Orion.
So--
REGINA: Heart.
SOLARIS: --heart issues.
Yeah, a lot of heart.
I see that also with Maldekians.
Maldekian people
were people that--
I kind of jokingly call them the
Australia of the solar system
because they were people
that were kicked out
of Orion because they were--
the Orion government didn't
want to deal with them.
So they just shipped
them off to Maldek.
And so there was a lot
of infighting in Maldek.
It was not a very
pleasant planet to be on.
REGINA: So the inheritance is
broken hearts at heart, anger,
frustration.
Yeah, all of that.
SOLARIS: And maybe even
a little bit of guilt.
REGINA: Heavy heart.
SOLARIS: Heavy heart, yeah.
So they tend to have a
lot of heart conditions
the same with the Mars people.
I do get a few star seeds
that have had lifetimes
in Mars, worked on some
of those bases on Mars.
And I do get some
from Venus, too.
So I think a lot of us have
had long journeys getting here
REGINA: Oh, yeah.
I mean, there's even a step
down process that I'm aware of.
And [NON-ENGLISH]
confirmed it for me--
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: --a long time
ago about coming from--
and I'll ask that next then.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: How about-- we'll
save some of these others
in the future species for
our next conversation.
SOLARIS: Totally, yeah.
REGINA: But then there are also
interdimensional people who
are from places that don't
have physicality from far away,
and they're here now, and
they've been through of a step
down process where you
go from galaxy to galaxy
to solar system and
densify till you actually
are able to even incarnate
in this dense field of Earth.
SOLARIS: Totally.
REGINA: So how do
interdimensionals
do here who are from
a place of no form?
SOLARIS: No form.
I do get a few folks
from Orion Nebula.
And even Andromeda Galaxy
would fall in that category.
REGINA: What about
the Crab Nebula?
SOLARIS: The Crab Nebula.
Yeah, you get some
of those folks.
Polaris is another one
of those locations.
So what happens with,
I think, with souls
is that we start off
from a very high place.
So we are all from source.
So we all are soul shards
of source as a frequency.
So then we become we
go through evolutions
like an inverted bell curve
where we go lower and lower.
With each incarnation, we
go lower and lower and lower
in dimension.
Earth is pretty much point zero.
So Earth is the lowest dimension
because I don't think any of us
are going to get to 2D.
There might be some
2D people out there.
But 2D is pretty much
a piece of paper.
REGINA: Right, right.
SOLARIS: Yeah, so
third dimension
is about as low dimensional
as you can go and still
be a sentient being.
So then we're going to
go up as we leave Earth.
So there is a
stepping off point.
So with each
consequent incarnation,
we, as souls,
because we're trying
to go through this journey
of separation from source,
we choose realities
and star systems
that maybe are
lower in dimension
than the last one we were in,
and then lower in dimension.
So I do see a fair
number of star seeds
that maybe they originated
from Andromeda galaxy,
but they had
incarnations and Lyra.
REGINA: Exactly.
SOLARIS: And then they had
incarnations in Pleiades,
and then they had incarnations
in Alpha Centauri, and then
Venus, and then Earth.
REGINA: Speaking of which, we
didn't talk about Pleiadians.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
We didn't even mention--
REGINA: What kind of
challenges might they have?
SOLARIS: Yeah, we didn't
even bring up the Pleiadians.
And that's a--
REGINA: Yeah, well,
let's do that.
SOLARIS: Yeah,
that's a big group.
I mean, there's a lot of
Pleiadian star seeds watching
this show.
So we want to definitely
honor the Pleiadians.
So Pleiadians star seeds are
super sensitive, very empathic
people.
They come from very high
dimensional realities
that are super supportive
similar to the Arcturians.
So when Pleiadian star seeds
incarnate here on Earth,
they struggle with
a lot of diabetes,
a lot of blood sugar issues.
So I think that's why we're
seeing diabetes so prevalent
right now in our society because
life is hard here on Earth.
And a lot of the sweetness has
been taken out of our lives
with all the struggles
that we have here.
And Pleiadian star
seeds, they tend
to transmute a lot
of negative energy.
So they not only
recognize energy--
so a lot of them are
empathic-- but they transmute
the negative energies,
and then it becomes
very overwhelming for them.
A lot of them,
like the Arcturians
come down with cancer.
So they can suffer from
various cancer maladies.
They tend to do best when
they do a lot of self care.
And when they break
off, maybe codependent
relationships or connections
that are not really serving
their highest good,
a lot of them,
because they're
super empathic, tend
to fall into codependent
type of situations
either at work or through
their family relationships.
And so when they start setting
stronger boundaries, when
they start taking
care of themselves,
they tend to do very well.
With Pleiadian star
seeds as far as diet,
they tend to do better on
vegetarian and vegan diets.
That seems to be the trend.
But they can actually handle
complex carbohydrates.
They do well with sweet
potatoes or certain grains that
are hardy and help
with bringing fiber
and help balance
their blood sugar.
So, of course, if you're
a Pleiadian star seed
and you do have pre-diabetes
or diabetes, of course,
you want to take some
precautions with not overdoing
it with the carbohydrate.
REGINA: Right.
SOLARIS: But they can
manage the complex ones.
REGINA: OK.
Yeah, well, on that
we're out of time,
and there are some
things we didn't get to,
so we'll do it next time.
SOLARIS: OK.
REGINA: Well, next time
we'll talk about some
of these species from
the future because we
know time is not linear.
SOLARIS: No.
REGINA: And then we'll also
talk about the whole notion
of anti-aging and what
is being shown us now.
What is the possibility
for our future
through these different types?
SOLARIS: I can't wait to
discuss that with you.
REGINA: Yeah, that's
going to be fun.
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: Well, so
thank you so much.
SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
REGINA: That was a pact,
packed with data for people.
And I'm sure our audience
saw themselves in it--
SOLARIS: Yeah.
REGINA: --in one or another.
So, Debbie, thanks so much.
I look forward to next.
SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
It's been a real pleasure.
REGINA: Well, I hope
that was helpful for you.
Certainly fascinating
and clarifying
on a lot of different levels.
To see more of
Debbie's work, you
can go to debbiesolaris.com,
beautiful renderings
of beings from other places
and text alongside it.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[AUDIO LOGO]